Rewrite the Quadlet documentation (#27058)
containers/podman: docs/source/markdown/options/configmap.md

####> This option file is used in:
####>   podman kube play, podman-kube.unit.5.md.in
####> If file is edited, make sure the changes
####> are applicable to all of those.
<< if is_quadlet >>
### `ConfigMap=path`
<< else >>
#### **--configmap**=*path*
<< endif >>

> Use Kubernetes configmap YAML at path to provide a source for environment variable values within the containers of the pod.  (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Kubernetes configmap YAML as path to provide a source for environment variable values within the containers of the pod.  (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)
```

> Use Kubernetes configmap YAML at path to provide a source for environment variable values within the containers of the pod.  (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the Kubernetes ConfigMap YAML as the path to provide environment variable values within the containers of the pod.  (This option is not available with the remote Podman client)
```

<< if is_quadlet >>
The value may contain only one path but it may be absolute or relative to the location of the unit file.
<< else >>

> Note: The **--configmap** option can be used multiple times or a comma-separated list of paths can be used to pass multiple Kubernetes configmap YAMLs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: The **--configmap** option can be used multiple times, or a comma-separated list of paths can be used to pass multiple Kubernetes ConfigMap YAMLs.
```
It probably should be "Kubernetes ConfigMap" throughout.
